My name is Wetzel and I am
photographer
i work as a photojournalist that has
with my camera the stories
I tell others to try
my stories or my products
always to the people at the center
move
that means even if he is not always in the
picture is in the background
always about the person in what he does
what it has for impact too
Especially with portraits is natural
incredibly important that you too
let's see how far you can go
how mischa tests is whether you are exactly
on quiet and short
help zoom in are 36 megapixel
incredibly good for just that sharpness too
check the magnifying function on the
lcd-display helps me with that
sharper where I put them
would like to have
the focus beijing reaffirms
this selection itself was very little
light is he incredible detail i
Watch yourself
especially if you again portraits
Also a computer can be seen
just part of the time is enough
pictures with the change 30 megapixel are
and you see the reforms the cantons
have the eye we did not shoot
as it is intended in the portrait
he really finds it at the alpha 7
wonderful when I report
take pictures with my camera is for
me very important that the autofocus good
on the one hand, I have it with me
he just a7 to loosen it autofokus
if people make me fast
I move with me too
Move the sharpness with always wanders that
is very helpful
Personally, it also helps me with one
reportage work
to use this size of the camera because
It just does not make you so noticeable
is in comparison to big ones
Maybe that is
here much more handy and still
had no losses at all
picture quality or performance
cool
my name is mario change and i am
photographer